well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
restructuring the debates we're going to
do this
because it's a legitimate topic right
now because of the performance of one of
the candidates last night
there is a concerted effort to come up
with a
different format to ensure that that
doesn't happen again
i have taken the liberty of speaking to
somebody who
is used to dealing with people who
behave in this manner
and they have given me kind of a format
an outline to use for future debates
okay so each candidate will start off
in green all right and
all they have to do to stay in green is
tell the truth not interrupt their
partner
and stick to their two minutes if they
break any of these rules
they go to yellow if they break it again
they go to red and they have to go to
timeout and during that time
their partner is going to have two
minutes to speak without them around and
they can't respond to it
that's not good we don't want that
aside from that each candidate
is going to get a little card with their
name written on it and it has 10
10 little spots because there's going to
be 10 questions and if
they can go through all 10 questions
they'll get a hole punch
each time and if they can go through all
10 questions without breaking the rules
they'll get a special surprise it's
going to be great
everybody will make out because that's
what we're here to do
we're here to learn and facilitate
education
right
these these these men are
interviewing for the most powerful
office in the united states
the person who wins the election will be
in charge of the most powerful military
in the world
i would suggest that if we cannot expect
them to abide
by the basic rules of civil discussion
they should be disqualified we do not
need to
change the rules because one of the
candidates can't follow them
i would strongly suggest that if a
candidate
can't not interrupt their opponent can't
stick to the time provided
can't refrain from lying for 90 minutes
that they probably can't follow
federal law can't follow the
constitution
those things are a little bit more
complicated than stuff you knew in
kindergarten
no don't change the debates change the
candidate
the president of the united states is
not fit for the oval
office he never was he was a
a sideshow that occurred during the
republican primary
and a whole lot of low information
voters were like oh he's a billionaire
that means he's successful
he'll be a good leader those things have
nothing to do with each other
he was born rich he he didn't
he didn't achieve anything to be pushed
into the situation he was in
and now because of the sunk cost fallacy
people refuse to stop supporting him
he can't handle a debate against joe
biden
he's not going to be able to handle any
real situation
as if that wasn't proven over the last
four years
no do not restructure these debates let
him continue to embarrass himself
he never should have been in that office
to begin with
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day